Grandpa, what's going on?
Although the Lei family and the Zhao family are at odds
But it shouldn't be so rigid
Let Lei Zhi not get off the stage?
The feud between the two families
We don't understand, don't interfere.
But Mr. Zhao is not that narrow-minded person
You should not directly ignore the greetings of the younger generation
Grandmother, prepare a little flame today
Please also eat on the roof
Lord Ancestor has also been working upstairs for a long time
Grandma
Are you talking to me?
Aren't you Miss Hu?
Well, my last name is indeed Hu.
My name is Hu Xinxin
You know me, that's right.
Lord Zhu
You're welcome.
Today, Zhao prepared a Buddhist banquet
He also invited the first imperial chef of the imperial capital
Please go up and taste one or two of these.
Mom
What's going on?
i
Our family will send it later.
Isn't this Hu Xinxin an effective wife?
How did you become Mrs. Zhu?
Could it be
Forestry is really the master of Kunlun
How is that possible?
They were no longer husband and wife yesterday
Forestry is a boss
How could it be the head of the department?
Lei Shao, do you know what's going on?
Unexpectedly, the little Jiangcheng woman
Can be seen by Kunlun Xinchu
I still have an identity